Improve WalkInsideBoundedBox strategy and set areas of the field for players to stay within (#1378)
NUbots/NUbots: module/purpose/Striker/README.md

In the ready state, makes a Ready subtask.

> In the playing state (for both normal game mode and penalty shootout), finds the ball, fixates on the ball, walks to the ball, and kicks the ball. It will not approach the ball if it is not in the front half, and instead will stand nearby.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the playing state (for both normal game mode and penalty shootout), finds the ball, fixates on the ball, walks to the ball, and kicks the ball. It will not approach the ball if it is not in its own bounding box, and instead will stand nearby.
```
